Better multi-monitor support (#41)
florentc/xob: README.md

> "How about multiple monitors?"

> xob works well under multihead setups. The `monitor`, `x`, `y`, and `length` style options refer to the combined screen surface. By default the bar is vertical near the right edge of the rightmost monitor. In vertical layouts, you may prefer to switch the bar to horizontal mode as follows to avoid splits. By default options `x` and `y` refer to the combined screen surface, but you can specify a monitor for the bar, for example you can set option `monitor = "HDMI-1"` to show the bar only on `HDMI-1` (use `xrandr` command to get monitors names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xob works well under multihead setups. The default orientation of bar is `vertical` and is positioned at the right edge of the screen surface. By default, `x`, `y`, and `length` style options refer to the combined screen surface, but you can specify a monitor for the bar, for example you can set option `monitor = "HDMI-1"` to show the bar only on `HDMI-1` (use `xrandr` command to get monitors names). In vertical layouts, you may prefer to switch the bar to horizontal mode as follows to avoid splits.
```
